Add parallelism guide (execution contexts) (#946)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/guides/concurrency.md

On a 64-bit machine it lets us spawn millions and millions of fibers. In a 32-bit machine we can only spawn 512 fibers, which is not a lot. But because 32-bit machines are starting to become obsolete, we'll bet on the future and focus more on 64-bit machines.

### The Runtime Scheduler(s)

Each scheduler has a queue of:

* Fibers ready to be executed: for example when you spawn a fiber, it's ready to be executed.
* The event loop: when there are no other fibers ready to be executed, the event loop checks if there is any async operation that is ready, and then executes the fiber waiting for that operation.
* Fibers that voluntarily asked to wait: this is done with `Fiber.yield`, which means "I can continue executing, but I'll give you some time to execute other fibers if you want".

### Communicating data

> Accessing and modifying global data (constants, class variables) and shared data (closured variables) is unsafe. That's why the recommended mechanism to communicate data is using channels and sending messages between them. Internally, a channel implements all the locking mechanisms to avoid data races, but from the outside you use them as communication primitives, so you (the user) don't have to use locks.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This statement might be a bit too strict, though not entirely incorrect. Within the context of only concurrency, it is not necessarily unsafe to access or mutate shared values. Even with concurrency, there is still potential for unsafe behaviour (for example, when there's a fiber swap between reading a value and writing it). So maybe we could call it "potentially unsafe"?

```suggestion
Accessing and modifying global data (constants, class variables) and shared data (closured variables) is potentially unsafe. That's why the recommended mechanism to communicate data is using channels and sending messages between them. Internally, a channel implements all the locking mechanisms to avoid data races, but from the outside you use them as communication primitives, so you (the user) don't have to use locks.
```

Author: Maybe it's too strict, but "potential" is minimizing the issue. If you let shared accesses slip because it's concurrently fine, then you're in for hard times when you want to enable parallelism.

Author: The more I think about the more I'm convinced there are no reasons to minimize the issue in the guides, quite the opposite. We must have the mindset of "parallelism is the default", which is especially for library code that will run in parallel.

Reviewer: Okay. I guess it makes sense to declare it as unsafe. That doesn't mean it necessarily breaks in practice, but the risk is high and complex.

end
```

> Running the above code will usually produce no output and exit immediately. In rare cases another thread may be the fiber and resume it when MT is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the above code will usually produce no output and exit immediately. In rare cases, another thread may resume the fiber when parallelism is enabled.
```

Fiber.yield
```

> This time `Fiber.yield` will tell the scheduler to execute the other fiber. This will usually print "Hello!" until the standard output blocks (the system call will tell us we have to wait until the output is ready), and then execution continues with the main fiber and the program exits. Here the standard output *might* never block so the program will continue executing forever. In rare cases another thread might resume the fiber when MT is enabled, or another fiber be resumed and the program will exit normally, possibly printing nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This time `Fiber.yield` will tell the scheduler to execute the other fiber. This will usually print "Hello!" until the standard output blocks (the system call will tell us we have to wait until the output is ready), and then execution continues with the main fiber and the program exits. Here the standard output *might* never block so the program will continue executing forever. In rare cases, another thread might resume the fiber when parallelism is enabled, or another fiber be resumed and the program will exit normally, possibly printing nothing.
```
